Lao Wang, you still don't know much about our Mr. Gu
Mr. Gu took a look at the last one
Even if you find another 100 10,000
He won't even know you
little sister
Our CEO Gu seems to be the youngest CEO
If you serve him well
Better than you are here, right?
Yeah little sister
Sorry Mr. Gu
I do not provide this service
Aren't you here for the money?
Pay me for one night.
Spend your money
So no two, it's all monstrous, your mother, your meal?
Even I have died once.
Is it in the eyes of Mr. Gu?
Everything can be bought with money
Here's a down payment.
Get the rest yourself
Don't make me wait too long
Dad has always been a low-key person
It is impossible to provoke intentional wisdom
There must be a misunderstanding.
It's better to live by yourself
Check the time
Yo
As expected of me, do you understand, miss?
On the first day I came, I gave up the way to pay me back
Why?
I won't let you count down the glory and wealth